README.md, before:

# Network GPU Info

Display GPU utilization for all hosts in your network.


## Example
![Screenshot](img/screenshot.png?raw=true)


## Prerequisites
First setup SSH keys to all computers that you want GPU info about.  This is a good idea in general.

1. Once, from source computer:

        ssh-keygen -b 8192 -t rsa
        
   Use an empty passphrase.

2. For every remote computer, from your source computer:

        ssh-copy-id  yourusername@123.456.789.012


## Usage

    ./network-gpu-info [options] [[user@]remote1 [[user@]remote2 [...]]]
    ./network-gpu-info [options] hosts.txt

If your username is the same between your source and your target computers, you
don't need to prepend this to your remote host's address.  This info is passed
directly to the `ssh` command, so if it's valid when you use `ssh`, it will be
valid here.

The command-line argument can alternatively be a regular text file, consisting
of one entry per line.  For example, a `hosts.txt` file could look like:

    123.456.789.012
    # user@remote1
    remote2
    localhost
    another@10.0.0.5

A line can be commented-out by prepending it with `#`.  You can specify the current,
local machine using the entry `localhost`.

You can loop continuously using the **`--loop`** command-line argument.  The default
is to refresh every 5 seconds.  You can change this by adding an integer: `--loop 10` .

There is a **`--timeout`** option to change the default connection timeout (2 seconds).


## Hostname Autocompletion
You can enable hostname autocompletion for this script, so that it suggests hostnames to
connect to.  Just add something like the following to your `~/.bashrc` :

    complete -F _ssh -f -o plusdirs ./network-gpu-info

Don't forget to reload it: `source ~/.bashrc` .


## Todo
- Concurrent queries
- Sorting output by utilization
- OpenCL support

Pull requests are welcome.

Commit message:

README.md: mention par branch

README.md, after:

# Network GPU Info

Display GPU utilization for all hosts in your network.


## Example
![Screenshot](img/screenshot.png?raw=true)


## Prerequisites
First setup SSH keys to all computers that you want GPU info about.  This is a good idea in general.

1. Once, from source computer:

        ssh-keygen -b 8192 -t rsa
        
   Use an empty passphrase.

2. For every remote computer, from your source computer:

        ssh-copy-id  yourusername@123.456.789.012


## Usage

    ./network-gpu-info [options] [[user@]remote1 [[user@]remote2 [...]]]
    ./network-gpu-info [options] hosts.txt

If your username is the same between your source and your target computers, you
don't need to prepend this to your remote host's address.  This info is passed
directly to the `ssh` command, so if it's valid when you use `ssh`, it will be
valid here.

The command-line argument can alternatively be a regular text file, consisting
of one entry per line.  For example, a `hosts.txt` file could look like:

    123.456.789.012
    # user@remote1
    remote2
    localhost
    another@10.0.0.5

A line can be commented-out by prepending it with `#`.  You can specify the current,
local machine using the entry `localhost`.

You can loop continuously using the **`--loop`** command-line argument.  The default
is to refresh every 5 seconds.  You can change this by adding an integer: `--loop 10` .

There is a **`--timeout`** option to change the default connection timeout (2 seconds).


## Hostname Autocompletion
You can enable hostname autocompletion for this script, so that it suggests hostnames to
connect to.  Just add something like the following to your `~/.bashrc` :

    complete -F _ssh -f -o plusdirs ./network-gpu-info

Don't forget to reload it: `source ~/.bashrc` .


## Todo
- Concurrent queries: currently implemented in the `par` branch
- Sorting output by utilization
- OpenCL support

Pull requests are welcome.
